Inclusion:
Any article providing primary data of an animal model of depression or depressive-like phenotype with an appropriate  control group (cohort of animals that have not been exposed to the method of inducing depressive-like behaviour that was used to create the depressive model). Animals of all ages, sexes and species, where depression-like phenotype intended to mimic the human condition have been induced.  Including animal models where depressive-like phenotypes are  induced in the presence of a comorbidity (e.g. obesity or cancer). All studies that claim to model depression or depressive-like phenotypes in animals. Studies that induce depressive behaviour or model  depression and that also test a treatment or intervention (prior or  subsequent to model induction), with no exclusion criteria based on  dosage, timing or frequency. Studies measuring behavioural, anatomical and structural, electrophysiological, histological and/or neurochemical outcomes and where  genomic, proteomic or metabolomic outcomes are measured in addition to behavioural, anatomical, electrophysiological, histological or  neurochemical outcomes. All languages (using automated translations where required). Studies must investigate methods or models that induce depressive  phenotype/s in vivo, or authors must claim that they investigate a  model of depression.
Exclusion:
Review article, editorials, case reports, letters or comments, conference or seminar abstracts, studies providing primary data but not  appropriate control group. Human studies and ex vivo, in vitro or in silico studies. Studies will be  excluded if authors state an intention to induce or investigate only anxiety  or anxious behaviour. Studies will be excluded if there is no experimental  intervention on the animals (e.g. purely observational studies). Studies that investigate treatments or interventions, but no depressive behaviour or model of depression is induced (e.g. toxicity and  side-effect studies). Where metabolic outcome measures are the primary outcome measure  of a study. Where genomic, proteomic, metabolic or metabolomic outcomes are the sole outcome measures in a study, they will be excluded. Studies claiming to induce only anxiety behaviour or a model of anxiety. In cases where both models of anxiety and depression are investigated, the study will be included, and only the depression-related data  will be extracted. In the case of data duplication (2 or more papers  reporting the same data), the paper reporting the smallest dataset or  fewest outcomes will be excluded. Studies will be excluded if they  model aspects of bipolar disorder, manic symptoms, obsessive compulsive behaviours, panic disorder or psychotic symptoms.