Inclusion:
Adults (age 18 years and older9 and adolescents (age 13 to 17 years) with a DSM III-R or DSM-IV diagnosis of schizophrenia, including other psychotic disorders such as schizophreniform, delusional, and schizoaffective disorders, and including first episode schizophrenia or patients refractory to treatment. Adults (age 18 years or older) and adolescents (age 13-17 years) and children (under 13 years) with bipolar disorder (manic or depressive phases, rapid cycling, mixed states). Adults with major depressive disorder. Older adults (≥ 65 years of age) with behavioral and psychological symptoms of dementia. Children (under age 13 years) and adolescents (age 13-17 years) with a DSM-III-R or DSM-IV diagnosis for a pervasive developmental disorder, including autistic disorder, Asperger’s disorder, pervasive developmental disorder not otherwise specified (including atypical autism). Children (under age 13 years) and adolescents (age 13-17 years) with a DSM-III-R or DSM-IV diagnosis of a disruptive behavior disorder, including conduct disorder, oppositional defiant disorder, disruptive behavior disorder not otherwise specified. Interventions included in this review are aripiprazole, asenapine, clozapine, iloperidone, olanzapine, paliperidone, quetiapine, risperidone, and ziprasidone. For patients with schizophrenia (including patients with a first episode and treatment resistance), bipolar disorder, major depressive disorder, and behavioral and psychological symptoms of dementia, effectiveness outcomes included in this review are mortality, quality of life, functional capacity, hospitalization, emergency department visits, efficacy as measured by symptom response, adherence (the ability to take medication as prescribed) persistence (the ability to continue taking medication over time), for patients with behavioral and psychological symptoms of dementia, care-giver burden was also included as an outcome of interest. For children and adolescents with pervasive developmental disorders and disruptive behavior disorders, effectiveness outcomes included in this review are functional capacity, quality of life, hospitalization, emergency department visits, efficacy as measured by symptom response, caregiver burden, adherence (the ability to take medication as prescribed) persistence (the ability to continue taking medication over time). For all patient populations outcomes measuring harms included in this review are overall adverse effects, withdrawals due to adverse events and time to withdrawal due to adverse events, specific adverse events. Randomized controlled effectiveness trials, good quality systematic reviews, and comparative observational studies (cohort studies, including database studies, and case-control studies). Head-to-head randomized controlled trials, good-quality systematic reviews. If no direct head-to-head evidence exists, placebo-controlled and active-control (conventional antipsychotics) trials were included. For life-threatening adverse events or those that are important and occur only with longer-term treatment, head-to-head randomized controlled trials, good-quality systematic reviews and meta-analyses, and comparative observational studies (cohort studies, including database studies, and case-control studies) will be included. Before-after studies or single-arm extension studies are included only if follow-up was longer than 2 years. Randomized controlled trials and comparative observational studies (cohort studies including database studies) examining the relationship between improved adherence or persistence and improved outcomes were analyzed.